security: Update the offline signing doc (#195)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/security/offline-keys.rst

    Once downloaded, this file will be deleted from our system.

Establishing a root key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The TUF root key is the most important key in TUF. The owner of this
key can sign the TUF ``root.json`` that defines what keys and roles
devices can trust. A new root key can be defined by doing a
"key rotation". A key rotation sets the new root key for the factory,
but it also signs the new root.json with the previous root key to
demonstrate proper ownership. This can be done in fioctl with::

    fioctl keys rotate-root /absolute/path/to/example.tgz

At this point the only copy of the Factory's root private key is in
this file. This file **cannot be lost** or it's impossible
to make future key updates to the Factory.

.. note:: At this point, the tarball should be backed up as described
   below.

Establishing an offline target key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

TUF has the notion of a ``targets.json`` file which specifies what
updates(Targets) are available to a device. This file must be signed
with a target signing key. Normal CI builds sign the targets with

> a Foundries.io owned target signing key trusted by the Factory.

Author: I've made a similar change that avoids talking in first person. https://github.com/foundriesio/docs/pull/195/commits/f5db2102b1eae927a879a691e13b7f5f4bd3c6f8

In order to ensure customer control of updates, production devices

> require their targets file to be signed by two parties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
require their ``targets.json`` file to be signed by two parties:
```

Maybe we should always refer to targets as its literal, `targets.json` in order to drive home the point that this is the format it comes in, always, when working with Foundries.

Author: Always seems strong. You wind up with something overly precise/verbose. In this case it probably makes sense.

 * The Foundries.io online target signing key
 * The customer's offline target signing key

A Factory can create its target signing key in fioctl with::

    fioctl keys rotate-targets /absolute/path/to/example.tgz

This will send 2 versions of ``root.json`` to Foundries.io. Both
versions will be identical except the one for production devices
will specify a targets signing threshold of 2 rather than 1.

The Factory's TUF metadata can be viewed with::

 # The normal "CI" root:
 fioctl get https://api.foundries.io/ota/repo/<FACTORY>/api/v1/user_repo/root.json

 # The production root. Note the target key role has:
 #   "threshold" : 2
 fioctl get https://api.foundries.io/ota/repo/<FACTORY>/api/v1/user_repo/root.json?production=1

> Given the importance of the offline credentials file, its recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given the importance of the offline credentials file, it is recommended
```

to create a second file that can sign production targets for Waves but
lacks the root keys required to alter Factory root metadata::

    fioctl keys copy-targets /absolute/path/to/example.tgz /path/to/target-only.tgz

How to backup offline keys
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are 3 recommend types of backups:

>  * The actual tarball - Basically ``cp <tarball> <path to thumb drive>``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * The actual tarball - Basically ``cp <tarball> <path to backup storage media>``
```

    |   |-- offline-targets.pub  # The Foundries.io public target in root.json.
    |   |-- offline-targets.sec  # The Foundries.io target key used in CI.
    |   |-- root.pub
    |   |-- root.sec
    |   |-- targets.pub
    |   |-- targets.sec
    `-- roles |
        |-- root.json
        |-- targets.json
        |-- targets.json.checksum
        `-- unsigned
            `-- targets.json

The critical file to keep from this tarball is ``offline-root.sec``.
After the first root key rotation the offline keys will include 2 new
files similar to::

    tufrepo
    `-- keys
        |-- fioctl-root-5d7397a7a9d62d4f89a39b77903831af12172abb8b9f483e7ad9638bacbc93b1.pub
        `-- fioctl-root-5d7397a7a9d62d4f89a39b77903831af12172abb8b9f483e7ad9638bacbc93b1.sec

The new root private key is named with the pattern
``fioctl-root-<keyid>.sec``. The key ID can be verified with::

  $ fioctl get https://api.foundries.io/ota/repo/<FACTORY>/api/v1/user_repo/root.json \
    | jq '.signed.roles["root"]["keyids"][0]'
  "5d7397a7a9d62d4f89a39b77903831af12172abb8b9f483e7ad9638bacbc93b1"

Every root key rotation will generate a new ``.sec`` file and **must**
be backed up.

> Its recommend to back up the Factory offline target signing key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to back up the Factory offline target signing key.
```

However, losing this file isn't catastrophic - it's just inconvenient.
After doing a target key rotation the offline keys file will have two

> new files like::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
new files::
```

Author: i think we need "similar to" or "like". The text below is not exact.

    Once downloaded, this file will be deleted from our system.

Establishing a root key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The TUF root key is the most important key in TUF. The owner of this
key can sign the TUF ``root.json`` that defines what keys and roles
devices can trust. A new root key can be defined by doing a
"key rotation". A key rotation sets the new root key for the factory,
but it also signs the new root.json with the previous root key to
demonstrate proper ownership. This can be done in fioctl with::

    fioctl keys rotate-root /absolute/path/to/example.tgz

At this point the only copy of the Factory's root private key is in

> this file. This file **cannot be lost** or it's technically impossible

Reviewer 2: Maybe use something such as:
"In case this file is lost for any reason, it is **impossible** to make future key updates to the Factory"

Author: thanks, that's better wording

Author: rebased on master and 5b81644 pulls in this suggestion
